Andover's Board of Selectmen has egg on its face.

Paula King resigned her BOS position months ago.  The Board has been unable to choose her successor.  This is not because of Anne Cremé or Jeff Murray.  It is entirely due to Jeff Maguire and Scott Person playing ridiculous games.

By state law, the position cannot be filled by a Democrat.  Three times now, the Republican Town Committee nominated a qualified candidate.  Three times, these two members have blocked the nominations.  They've made it clear that each time was for personal reasons, that they had personal grievances against the candidates.  The most recent one was Carol Lee, our respected, recently resigned Town Clerk.  The other two candidates withdrew, supporting Lee, but Maguire and Person could not see fit to vote for them.

Maguire stated how well a previous Board had worked together, that they hashed out their disagreements in private.  Does he understand that this is entirely against FOI laws?  What he clearly wants is a Board that will do his bidding.  Kudos to Ms. Cremé and Mr. Murray for standing up to him.  And shame on Person for acting as a lapdog.

Maguire also whined about the Democratic Town Committee not supporting him in the previous election, about being kicked off the DTC.  Suffice it to say that there were other serious reasons, but that he never attended DTC meetings was plenty cause.  And yes, the DTC did support him, paying for and posting lawn signs, even when he personally rejected that support.

Thank you, Anne Cremé and Jeff Murray for your integrity.  You're serving as good role models for your peers, even if they're not paying attention.

The last time I found myself embarrassed by my town government was during the Charlene Barnett debacle.  Let's hope this doesn't get that bad!  So what's next?  Clearly it's time for a petition, to have a Town Meeting to either choose a new Selectperson or set a special election to do so.  If you are asked, please sign such a petition to help restore some sanity to our Town.