Perhaps I owe Sam Prentice an apology.  When he said, "These hypocrites ignored the siege on the White House... [but] decry Jan. 6th as an insurrection," I took it to mean that he was trying to draw parallels between the two.  Perhaps not; he was also spouting some ridiculous nonesense about BLM and bail and the Vice President; perhaps I got lost in his argument.  If so, I'm sorry.  But if he did mean to suggest an equivalence, he still deserves our scorn.

I certainly owe one apology.  Unlike Mr. Prentice, I try to supply references to back up my claims.  Two of the links in a recent letter were broken, one about the doctored video of Rosanne Boyland's death, the other debunking lies about Kamala Harris and bail.  I'm sorry.  I've corrected both online at http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2022-02-25/.

There is no reason whatsoever to apologize for calling him on the carpet for describing Jan. 6th as "little more than a disruption at Golden Corral."  That is simply a stupid and dangerous lie.

He also attempts to deflect my request for his sources on Jan. 6th participants held without due process.  It's a classic misdirection.  I asked for sources.  His response was to suggest I'd been living under a rock and was the prisoner of partisan media.  Ignoring his sophomoric projection, I can say that I did do research before posting this; I've done more today.  I found plenty of stories from last Spring, with all sorts of allegations, and fact-checking ones refuting many of these.  Nearly any more recent were from sources with no credibility (IndependentSentinel.com, TownHall.com, Breitbart.com) or even the tinfoil hat brigade (NeedToKnow.news.)  A few months ago, there are only about 40 protestors still incarcerated and awaiting trial.  A side note: other stories point out that the longstanding problems with the DC Jail suddenly got attention when there were a number of White prisoners.

Sam Prentice claimed a lack of due process.  Goldberg vs. Kelley spelled out what due processes are required in criminal cases.  Can Mr. Prentice show demonstrate (with references, please) specific defendents denied any of these legal rights?  Or is he just moaning?