Annual quotes from a Republican Candidate for Andover's local Board of Education:

May, 2021: "That’s $26K/student per year. We don’t even know what it’s all being spent on because the school budget has not been thoroughly presented to us." (http://link.sauyet.com/mm21)

May, 2022, "Writing blank checks has not stopped the board of education from hoarding cash.  It's only emboldened them to place our children in the middle of us all as if this is about them.  It's not about them." (http://link.sauyet.com/mm22)

May, 2023: "You all need to pay attention! While you are hard at work toiling away every day, the boards of education are hard at work picking your pocket." (http://link.sauyet.com/mm23)

May, 2024: "It’s just another inflated budget seeking to fleece the taxpayers. It never goes down no matter how many residents or kids in the school." (http://link.sauyet.com/mm24)

May. 2025: "Congratulations Andover. We now live in a town where it costs more to educate 190 kids than it does to take care of the entire town of 3,000 residents!" (http://link.sauyet.com/mm25)

It does make you wonder when Marcie Miner last approved of a school budget, when her kids were there?  Rereading all these letters also reinforces my suspicion that Ms. Miner was responsible for the scurrilous anonymous flyer sent out last spring about the school's finances.  You know, the one bad enough that The Rivereast apologized for delivering it?  When I read it, she was my first suspect, but it was only a vague feeling.  On rereading all these letters, it's clear that the flyer writer either was Ms. Miner herself or was channeling her.  The lies lined up too well otherwise.  The vote in question is long past, but if you are interested in corrections to the flyer's lies, and to may of Ms. Miner's points, you can find them on https://flyer.andoverct.info/.

But now she's running for the BOE.  Does she know about the state law that insists school budgets are not reduced year-to-year, except in very limited circumstances?  Does she understand that Andover's per-pupil expenditure is lower than the state average, and that nine of the ten systems closest in size to Andover have higher PPE?  Or that it is quite normal in CT, especially in small towns, for education to be by far the largest part of municipal budgets?  No, her letters make it pretty clear that she is not aware of any of these facts.

Though elected by the town, BOE members are primarily legal agents of the state, responsible for the appropriate education of our children.  We do not need a Board member who's primary focus would clearly be on slashing budgets, even to the detriment of the children.  There are four candidates running for the BOE.  The other three are all qualified.  If you want to vote for a Republican, by all means, choose the cross-endorsed Sharon St. Rock.  But let's not add any impediments to the already difficult task of creating appropriate school and town budgets.