Has it happened?  Has hell finally frozen over?  Have Don Denley and Scott Sauyet finally agreed on something on these pages?

Yes.  We both think the most significant changes in Andover's charter revision proposal are a terrible idea.  They represent an institutional power grab.  Buried in the middle, after a few innocent questions and before a few that represent debatable ideas are six questions that threaten the fabric of our New England Town Meeting.

Question 1 has to do with the state Constitution, not our charter.  Questions 2 - 5 are simple and obviously good changes, as is Question 16.  Questions 12 - 15 have to do with creating or altering thresholds of when changes have to be brought to the citizenry.  (I'm personally happy with 12 - 14, but not 15.)  It's questions 6 - 11 that represent a fundamental shift in our democracy.

Question 6 asks you to give up your right to select the Town Clerk.  Does anyone even remember a time when our elected Town Clerk was anything other than wonderful?

Question 11 asks you to give up your right to weigh in on changes to toen ordinances.  The proposal strips this authority from the Town Meeting and gives it to the BOS.  They'll pretend that with only 50 votes necessary (really 115, a majority of a quorum) for a petition to overturn the ordinance, the power is still in voters hands.  But that's nonsense.  It's a power grab.

At least those two questions actually say what they mean.  Questions 7 - 10 are insidious.  They ask innocuous-looking questions, but bury the fact that they are taking authority away from the Board of Finance and local Board of Education, giving it to the Town Administrator and Board of Selectmen.  Read especially Sections 802 and 803.

I've posted an overview of the proposed changes together with analysis and recommendations for the questions.  You can see it at  http://charter.andoverct.info/2024/.  I would like to have recommendations from more people.  If you would like me to include yours, please email me at scott@sauyet.com.

Please, if you value our small-town democracy, vote No on 6 - 11!