Truth is sometimes hard to distinguish amidst the noise of falsehoods.  But often it turns out to be quite easy.  Let's take last week's screed from our resident climate-change denier as an example ("Ongoing Climate Lie", June 24.)  Sam Prentice takes exception to my rebuttal of his recent letters.  But his response is full of obfuscations and outright lies.

First off, we have misplaced quotation.  I did not use the word "deflection" in this context, and putting it in quotes here is a form of intellectual dishonesty.  This is his most minor infraction.

He claims I addressed nothing he said. Let's see. He wrote (see "The Party of Death", May 27) that "[environmentatlists] want to reduce the very substance making things green, CO2".  I spent a paragraph rebutting that ("Prentice Logic", http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2022-06-17/), which I followed by pointing out that the definitive independent media review site finds the blog he mentioned (see "Fradulent Climate Crisis", June 10) is a "Quackery" pseudoscience site (https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/real-climate-science/).  I offered a link to that analysis.  And then my final paragraph takes on the whole premise of his "Party of Death" suggesting that his epithet is aimed at the wrong party.  Does that sound like I addressed nothing he said?

I admit to an ambiguous pronoun when I wrote that, "[Prentice] suggests we read the blog of science denier Tony Heller [...] to learn about his imagined conspiracy..."  Here "his" was not aimed at the blogger but the letter-writer, and I think he's provided plenty of evidence over the past fifteen to twenty years that he thinks current climate science is a  conspiracy: including his recent, "policician seek to destroy our self-sufficient middle class and make everone dependent on government for their sustencance."

Perhaps his most interesting suggestion is that I'm being misleading by describing http://realclimate.org (.ORG, not .COM!) as highly rated.  I cited a real reference (https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/realclimate/).  That he finds the truth inconvenient does not make it any less true.

Presumably he's aiming for irony when he calls me a "genius", a "stalwart", and a "luminary", but I'd like to claim that last one for the moment.  A luminary shines light onto the darkness and reveals truth.  Mr. Prentice's letters need all the light they can get.