You know the *X For Dummies* series of books, teaching subjects to people who had no background in them?  Another publisher started *The Complete Idiot's Guide to X" series, presumably for those who knew even less than the dummies.  I propose that we need a new series for the still more clueless: *X for MAGAs*.  Below is a snippet from the upcoming *Debating for MAGAs*, in response to Don Denley's latest incoherency.

Lesson 1: We understand that you feel that whining about trivial perceived slights somehow make you *feel* bigger -- perhaps because it makes you seem more like Donald Trump.  But complaining about the placement of your letters in the paper as if it's some grand conspiracy makes you *look* ever so much smaller.  The last few years of Rivereast archives have the entire paper, inluding letters; it's really easy to double-check these things before you put your foot in your mouth.  You only need to go back as far as December 8th to find Ed Kozlowski and Frank Blume are on page 7, and Ed Smith and me on page 32.

Lesson 2: When you say, "He said A and B, and he's completely wrong; here's the evidence against B," you really need to double check that he said A and B.  Let's recap.  Here "he" is me, Scott Sauyet.  "A" is that most people thought the economy was bad, but that it didn't affect them.  "B" was that inflation has been lower under Biden.  The trouble is, I did say "A", and gave reference; you offer no dispute to that.  I didn't say "B".  In fact I agreed that inflation had been higher under Biden.  To play "Gotcha" with the facts means that you have to actually understand the fact.  We know that it's hard for you MAGAs, but please, do try!

Lesson 3: Obsessing over a fault in one while entirely overlooking the same fault in another is more than selective observation.  When the flaw is so pronounced in the latter, it's a matter of fraud.  Joe Biden has been known for verbal gaffes his entire career.  Yes, they're probably worse now than they were twenty years ago, but they pale in comparison to Trump's.  Let's see, Biden confused certain foreign leaders with their predecessors.  Trump can't keep his current competitors straight, mixing up Nikki Haley and Nancy Pelosi, and mixing up Joe Biden, Barrack Obama, and Hilary Clinton.  Watch any Trump campaign speech and you see confusion

Lesson 4: We know math is not MAGAs stong suit.  We sympathize; it must be challenging to have no clue.  But it's ridiculous to wonder how much a $1.4 billion will affect the average taxpayer (maybe five bucks) when that number is less than a rounding error against the $2 trillion debt added by Trump's Tax Scam giveaway to the rich.

Look for this title, *Empathy for MAGAs*, and other forthcoming titles at you local bookseller!