Ed Kozlowski is a funny guy.  While the same critique applies to Ken Hjulstrom fantasy or Michael Chotkowski's wretchedly confused nonsense, I'll focus on Mr. Kowlowski's letter.  After all, it's a welcome change to see him present actual content instead of the usual vacuity.  Granted, the content is all false, but it's still an improvement.

First, he won't scare me by claiming to be good at math.  I have a BA and MA from Wesleyan in Math.  (So too the incomplete PhD, but that's a different story.)

Second, we need to explain something to those who don't understand math.  Or economics.  Or government.  Or much else.  A president's first budget takes effect in October of their first year in office.  Before that, most economic effects are the result of their predecessor.  Just how much influence a President has is questionable, but they have almost none until their budget begins.  Perhaps the most fair comparison is between the 27 months starting with those Octobers.  Skipping COVID is problematic, as Trump's awful handling of the pandemic was so bad for our country and our economy, but since including it would just make Trump look so much worse, let's skip it for now.

Mr. Kozlowski focuses on inflation.  We should note that while inflation has risen faster under Biden's budgets (by 4.7% annually) than in recent years, it also is below the increase in wages (up 5.1% per year), and leading indicators show it continuing below 2% for the near future.  Most people are better off.  Surveys show that most people think that their own finances are improving but that the country's is getting worse.  But yes, he's right:  food went up faster (6.9% annually) than wages.  However, job creation was twice as fast for Biden than for Trump in the comparable period.

And then he talks about lumber.  It's pretty funny that he'd blame Biden for this, because all the experts say the reasons for lumber's increase have to do with the increase in home remodeling/home building during the Covid lockdown, and with Trump imposing tariffs on Canadian lumber while failing to renegotiate a trade deal with Canada.  But it's even funnier because when you look since the start of Biden's first budget, lumber prices have *fallen* 8.6% annually, where it rose to crazy heights during Trump's budgets, essentially doubling before settling down.  But he too had a good start, declining 1.7% per year, before he messed with Canada.

And we hear about spiraling debt; funny, it's been rising 8.3% per year under Biden, but rose 8.9% per year under Trump.  Somehow he wants to blame Biden for the Russian invasion of Ukraine, when everyone know that it was Trump's puppet-master, Putin, who's responsible for that.  And his crack about a gaffe from Biden might be worrisome, but the continuing stream of gaffes from Trump is infinitely worse.  (Do you mistake Nikki Haley for Nancy Pelosi?)

Yes, a funny guy, all right.


(References: http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2024-01-26/).
