Last week we received several lectures.  It's good to learn new things, but only if the lecturer has the facts.  In this case, I'm afraid they didn't.

James Mathias lectured us on fetal development, explaining what anyone who ever took a health or biology class should probably already know.  But perhaps that was new to someone.  The rest is editorializing.

He tells us that after the egg is fertilized, "any termination of that process along life's continuum ends a human life."  He fails to mention that fully two thirds of fertilized eggs do not make it as far as birth.  If he wants to take that up with someone, pro-choicers are a much smaller issue than Mother Nature or whatever god(s) he believes in.

There is a consistent pro-life position, but I find it exceedingly rare.  It implies that you can be forced to donate blood -- or a kidney -- because someone else might need it, that an adult can be forbidden from having a drink, because it might interfere with someone else's development.  If we reject that, then under what theory should a thirteen year old be forced to carry her rapist's child to term? 

Then Don Denley lectured us on gun rights.  He tells us that the 2nd Amendment is an absolute right.  I wonder what he means by that?  Anyone can have any armament they can afford regardless of age, criminal record, mental illness, history of violence?  Can I keep a tank in my garage?  The U.S. has not entirely eliminated its stockpile of biological/chemical weapons; can I buy some anthrax?  Absurd, yes, but then, this is Mr. Denley.

I also need to note that he suggests I am a strong Biden supporter.  That's not the case.  Biden was not in my top ten in the Democratic debates.  That he's infinitely better than his predecessor does not change that I think Biden is the worst president of my 56 years, save only a few: Nixon, Carter, Reagan, both Bushes, and, of course, Trump, the very worst president in our history.

In any case, lectures are fine.  But first, please check your facts.