Recent letters attempt to blame recent high gas prices on President Biden (or in the case of one poor confused soul, on someone named "Brandon".)  We have to ask if these writers are simply ignorant of basic economics, are too enamored of right wing propoganda, are simply manipulative, or perhaps all three.

Presidents have very limited ability to affect the economy in the short term, and essentially no ability to affect fuel prices.  The oil market is international.

A March 9 survey of world prices shows that averaged by country, gas costs $4.90 per gallon.  If you weight the countries by population, it's $4.51.  So I assume they think Biden must have been doing a good job holding ours down to $4.47.  And if Biden is responsible for prices, is he responsible, in our international market, for $9.39 in Norway, $8.37 in Israel, $1.93 in Iraq, and $0.11 in Venezuala?

These writers cannot point to specific policies that change these prices -- as there are none -- but they will try to convince you it's because of something like the Keystone Pipeline.  If they try that on you, just ask them how this pipleline, which would have come online in 2023 *at the earliest*, is affecting current prices.  Oops!

They want to talk about energy independence, about whether US was a net importer or exporter of petroleum, and how Donald Trump brought us to being a net exporter.  A great chart of the past fifty years (http://link.sauyet.com/46) shows that net imports started falling under George W. Bush, fell sharply under Obama and Trump, until we finally hit that magic equalibrium number.  They want to credit Trump for something that started happening well before his time, and was all about the shale oil boom in the U.S.

But the biggest reason for that 2020 change is something really simple: during the Covid recession, our oil consumption dropped to its lowest level in 25 years.  There was simply less demand when the ecomonmy tanked, and our consumption dropped to a 25-year low.   So those crediting Trump, are mostly crediting him with destroying our economy.  

The economy has been performing extremely well under Biden (heating to inflationary levels, in fact), so the demand has bounced back and we're on track to hit a record high again in 2022.

Oil prices tend to rise for two reasons.  First is an fast-growing economy: check.  Second is political instability in oil-producing areas.  The second-largest producer of oil in the world, after the US, is Russia.  Perhaps you've heard of some recent problems there?

But these folks will continue to blame President Biden.  I know that.  You know that.  Many of them probably don't even believe it themselves.  But it's good to be armed with facts.

This letter was too long to include references.  You can see them at http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2022-04-01.