Here's one great reason to elect Andover's Democratic candidates: they will represent independent authority.

There is an ongoing effort to consolidate power in town.  Do you remember the charter proposal trying to strip our right to elect the Town Clerk, to dilute the state-mandated independence of the Board of Education, and to reduce the authority of the Board of Finance?  Have you watched the Board of Selectmen meetings where the First Selectman tries to bully Board members Anne Cremé and Carol Lee?  Have you seen the cabal of the Board of Finance members viciously attacking the School Superintendent, due to their own fundamental misunderstandings of school management and finance?

We can fight back by electing people who would resist such pressure.

Jayne Jurovaty is an independent-minded Town Clerk candidate; she is capable, organized, knowledgeable about our community, always discreet, and an ever-friendly face.  But most of all, she would be a source of independent authority in Town Hall.  For decades, Carol Lee served that role, scrupulously maintaining her office's independence from political control.  Jayne would continue that tradition.  Our First Selectman spent his own money on lawn signs for Jayne's opponent.  You can bet it's because he fears Jayne's independence, the quality we need in a Town Clerk.

Nick Clark, Robert England, and Heather Var Cara will bring a similar independence to the Board of Finance.  Our First Selectman has recently chosen to insert himself into the meetings of other major Boards, and has been a disruptive influence on them.  On the Board of Finance, he has allied with those who think the Board of Education and the Superintendent should report to them rather than to the voters.  We need strong voices to counter that.

For years, Robert England has consistently promoted reason on the BOF; we badly need his strength.  Heather Van Cara, with decades of experience in finance and a gentle manner but steely resolve, would bring crucial skills to the Board.  Nick Clark is experienced with project and financial management.  He would bring his data science degree: a focus that we're sadly losing because the Republicans decided to dump Joanne Hebert.  Nick, Heather and Robert will help keep our BOF on an even keel.

This attempt to take away your power and centralize it in Town Hall really could succeed.  These candidates, and the rest of the Democratic slate, are what's needed to fight back.  Please vote!