Here's one great reason to vote for Andover's Democratic candidates: they will represent independent authority.

There is an ongoing attempt to consolidate the reins of power in town.  Do you remember how the charter proposal tried to strip our right to elect the Town Clerk, to dilute the state-mandated independence of the Board of Education, and to reduce the authority of the Board of Finance?  Have you watched the Board of Selectmen meetings where the First Selectman tries to bully Board members Anne Cremé and Carol Lee?  Have you seen how a cabal of the Board of Finance members viciously attack the School Superintendent on the basis of their own fundamental misunderstandings of school management and finance?

We can fight back by electing people who will not bow to such pressure.

Jayne Jurovaty is an independent-minded candidate running for Town Clerk, she is capable, organized, knowledgeable about our community, always discreet, and an ever-friendly face.  But most of all, she would be a source of independent authority in Town Hall.  For more than 25 years, Carol Lee has served that role, scrupulously maintaining her office's independence from political control.  Jayne would continue that tradition.  If you wonder why our First Selectman would spend his own money on lawn signs for Jayne's opponent, you can bet it's likely that he fears Jayne's independence.  But that is just what we need in a Town Clerk.

Nick Clark, Robert England, and Heather Var Cara will bring a similar independence to the Board of Finance.  Our First Selectman has recently chosen to insert himself into the meetings of other major Boards, and has been a disruptive influence on them.  On the Board of Finance, he has chosen to ally himself with the group that thinks the Board of Education and the Superintendent should report to them rather than to the voters.  We need strong voices to counter that.

For years, Robert England has been such a strong voice for reason on the BOF; we badly need his strength.  Heather Van Cara, with decades of experience in finance and a gentle manner but steely resolve, would bring to the Board important skills currently underrepresented.  And Nick Clark is experienced with project and financial management, working as the lead scheduler for Navy programs.  He would also bring his data science degree, a focus that we're sadly losing because the Republicans decided to dump Joanne Hebert for not kowtowing to their anti-BOE campaign.  Nick, Heather and Robert will help keep our BOF on an even keel.

This attempt to take away your power and centralize it in Town Hall really could succeed.  These candidates, and the rest of the Democratic slate, are what's needed right now to fight back.  Please vote!