Here's a little challenge to RiverEast readers.  Watch the New York Times video Day of Rage (https://nyti.ms/34VsZ3p) about Jan. 6, then reread Sam Prentice's description of the events as "little more than a disruption at the Golden Corral."   Ok, done?  Now I ask you, is it the people decrying these events or Mr. Prentice who seems a "hypocritical fraud"?  Yes, I thought so.  The video consists entirely of footage from that event.  His letter consists entirely of nonsense from his own mind.

He talks about two of the five deaths, includes lies from a discredited doctored video (https://link.sauyet.com/43), and tries to demonstrate some obscure point about racism.  He repeats debunked lies about Vice President Harris (https://link.sauyet.com/44), and then tries to draw some ridiculous parallels with the George Floyd protests outside the White House.  I wonder why he worries about the bunker when Donald Trump said is was only an inspection tour?  I'd also love to see his proof that the perpetrators are being held without hearings; yes, a few accused of violence against police are being held wihtout bail, but that's not the same thing at all.

We can easily find stories with any of his claims on right-wing sites.  But echoing them back without doing any skeptical checking is, at the very best, intellectual laziness.  I wouldn't rule out more nefarious interpretations, though.

And let's not forget Ed Kozlowski.  If he doesn't want to read Rauch's *The Constitution of Knowledge*, a book which challenged some of my ideas, and might likewise challenge some of his, that's fine; him I didn't expect to bother trying to learn something.  Others might find it worthwhile, though.  The rest of his letter is the same as usual.  But if he thinks he's attacking progressives by attacking Neil Young, he might want to reconsider.  No, I'm not particularly a Neil Young fan, although I enjoy CSN(Y).  I for one care almost as little about the political opinions of entertainers as I do about Mr. Kozlowski's parroted right-wing conspiracy theories.  Almost.