There's been a debate going on in Rivereast letters.  Marcie Miner suggests we stop arguing about politics.  She offers a progressive agenda to focus upon instead.  And have no doubts, hers is a progressive agenda: support for seniors, children, the poor, the hungry, the addicted.  To help acchieve this, she suggests campaign finance reform, removing money from the political equation.  That is pure progressivism, and it is what one side of this debate is promoting.

This debate is important.  When the other side won the debate and the Supreme Court selected Bush over Gore, we got Roberts and Alito on the Supreme Court, and soon its Citizen's United decision ended the campaign finance reform we so desparately need.  Progressives seek to change this; conservatives *like* it when the rich dominate our system.

This debate is crucial.  When the other side won the debate, it was captured by Donald Trump and his attempt to tear down the institutions that keep alive democracy, leaving our county in its greatest crisis since the Civil War, and maybe ever.  I remember when conservatives talked about spreading freedom and democracy around the world.  Now they will tell you how the U.S. is not now and was never a democracy.  Now their idea of freedom is the right for their children not to hear about any of our history that makes them uncomfortable and the right to bring guns whereever they choose, even if we have to sacrifice some innocent high schoolers.

This debate is a matter of life and death.  When the other side won the debate, we dropped any attempt to curb global warming.  We're burning down the world we should be tending for our children and their children.  In order to appease its fossil-fuel donors, the conservative movement would sacrifice the safety and health of the next umpteen generations.

I know that this does not describe all conservatives -- hello Georgette! -- but it has become the dominant ideology of the husk of the Republican party and the remains of conservatism.  The only way to defeat this is to change minds, for the progressive side to win the debate.  So this debate is essential.  Don't stop arguing.  It's become a necessary first step in our survival.