I don't think Ken Hjulstrom is naive enough to believe that "MAGA" is an innocent acronym.

It was the campaign slogan of the most destructive person ever to hold the office of president.  It represents Trump and his followers.  In 2016 it stood for those who thought America had lost his way, in good part because we'd had the temerity to elect a Black president.  It quickly came to stand for bullying, narcissism, xenophobia, sexism, and racism.  It was associated with a fascist, anti-democratic strand of politics.  It was the rallying cry of an insurrection.  "MAGA" is the sign of everything wrong in our country.

The Trump years made America much, much worse.  A world which had looked to us for leadership now looked away in embarrassment.  Our biggest international foes saw him as a "useful idiot", and he was so obviously in Putin's pocket that denials are laughable.  Trump's mismanagement of the Covid pandemic -- and his ridiculous encouragement of anti-vaxxers -- was responsible for at least half the cases in the US.  Trump's only concern about the pandemic were only abuot how the stock market would react, and he acted accordingly.

Because of this handling, our economy crashed -- and with it the demand for oil.  Those who credit Trump for lower gas prices and an energy surplus, are thanking him for letting our economy tumble and giving him credit for trends that predated him and continued after him.  (Net imports of oil have been falling steadily since 2006, for example, and the record lows are during Biden's administration: http://link.sauyet.com/93.)

Those who look back in fondness on the Trump years have either forgotten or actually liked the incesant lying, the bullying, the increasing hate crimes, the attacks on journalists and judges, the nepotism, the "very fine people" and "so-called judge" comments.  How about when he enouraged police to rough up suspects?  Did you like it when he called war hero John McCain a loser?  Did you enjoy the longest government shutdown in history?  Would any other president ever have tear-gassed BLM protestors in order to attend a photo-op?

Those who want to improve America's greatness can do one thing above all else: ensure that Trump and his like-minded sychphants never gain power again.