There is an interesting phrase that's overused in public discourse: "mainstream media".  We really should define such highly used terms, and after extensive analysis I can report that "mainstream media" means "news sources I disagree with."

That's all there is to it.  When people tell you that the truth is to be found in some obscure website, but that "the mainstream media are trying to cover it up," you can be 99.99% certain that their "truth" is pure nonsense.  If you hear, "That's what they want you to think," it's this same balderdash.

When some talking head on MSNBC or Fox News tells you that they've got a story that the mainstream media was too timid to cover, it means that they have some fact-free, sensationalized idea that they can find no credible experts to support.  For these believers, the very fact that the experts don't agree is itself evidence that it must be true -- pure delusion.

This phrase used to be equally distributed among the left and the right, but the left has mostly moved to on to the equally void "corporate-owned media", which means mostly the same thing.  That implies that this days "mainstream media" mostly means, "journalism that doesn't agree with my preconceived conservative ideas".

People using "mainstream media" want to imply that they're in the know, that they have access to highly credible, well-hidden sources that the rest of us have overlooked.  That's almost never true.  Mostly it just means that because they don't like the facts, they're going to assert falsehoods that suit them better.  Think global warming deniers.  Think anti-vaxxers.

This is not only the province of radical conspiracy theorists such as Alex Jones.  You see it everywhere, even in letters to editor.  A recent letter was a good example, implying that the Ponzi-schemer Martin Armstrong was locked up not for fraud and not for contempt of court because he wouldn't return his ill-gotten gains, but because he wanted to keep his source code private.  I'm sure the writer would tell you that the mainstream media got all this wrong.  Hint: you can believe the normal press, court filings, and many rebuttal websites over Armstrong's own pages.  Weighing documentary evidence is simply not that hard.
