It sometimes is hard to tell what -- if anything -- is running through the minds of certain letter-writers here.  One thing is clear, their ratio of information produced to words used is astoundingly low.  Don Denley's latest is a case in point.

He somehow finds fault with Edmund Smith's discussion of America's most famous terrorist, because Timothy McVeigh was White.  The statistics are easy to find: mass shooters' races roughly mirror those of the population at large  (http://link.sauyet.com/51) so the race of the perpetrators should not be much of an issue.  The "it's always a White man" trope is likely because the shootings by Black men mostly take place in urban environments, which, as we've seen on these pages, are often viewed as so violent that one more shooting is barely newsworthy.  But let's look at his example.  We know perfectly well that if the accused was White, had shot in self-defense using a licensed gun, turned himself in to the police, then Mr. Denley would be outraged that he was subject to house arrest and a $25,000 bail when the only charge was not having a concealed carry permit.  Instead, he makes it an issue of race, and disparages a judge for doing her job, simply because of her race.

Then, in a stunning instance of projection, he accuses me of fascism.  Readers here might credibly charge me with socialist tendencies; fascism is its opposite and is these days the province of the Trumpian wing of the Republican party, where this sort of projection has become constant.  He does this in the context of claiming that his economic theory is fact and that the Biden administration must be lying about all the good economic numbers.  Of course he does all this without evidence because there simply is none.  (Moreover, why didn't he think the numbers were fudged during the Trump years?)

He also claims that I talk weekly about the Biden economy.  This one is easy to check.  My letters to the editor are online  (http://letters.sauyet.com).  I have written 26 previous letters during Biden's term.  One full letter discussed oil prices, and one sentence of another rebuts Mr. Denley's nonsense on the economy.

So what was he thinking about any of this?  It's really hard to know.  But one thing is clear: his mouth runneth over.