Jon Turban correctly diagnoses the racist undertones of recent letters.  But he hints at a cure far worse than the disease.  "Giving someone a platform to expose openly racist language and talking points is egregiously offensive and has no place in society."  No.  The marketplace of ideas is central to a free and open society.  Even morons who spout this drivel should always be free to do so.  In dialog, investigations, and back-and-forth critiques we discover truth.

So how does this apply to Ed Kozlowski's latest boogey-man, Neil Young?  Isn't his Spotify ultimatum -- Joe Rogan or Young -- a form of unacceptable deplatforming?  It's a legitimate question, and there's a real argument to be made for it.  But on the whole it doesn't qualify.  When Twitter rightly suspended Donald Trump's account for violating its terms, many of his fans removed their accounts in protest.  They were perfectly justified in doing so.  The same is true for Neil Young.  If you are offended by how a platform acts, whether by suspending your hero's access or by hosting spouters of dangerous Covid misinformation, then you are within your rights to withold your appoval, your money, your attention, or your music catalog.  This is not an repudiation of the marketplace of ideas; it's a central part of how that marketplace functions.  Personally, I'm with Jill Filipovic, who said that Spotify "should draw the line at dangerous life-threatening conspiracy theories."

As usual, the rest of Mr. Kozlowski's letter is a monstrous waste.  First he tries to paint the Reaganite Neil Young as a hero of Progressivism.  (For the record, unlike certain Trumpians, the left tends not to go for hero-worship unless it Gandhi or MLK, and even that is contingent.)  Then he bashes Young for one nearly 40-year-old homophobic statement.  Then he repeats part of a ridiculous conspiracy theory making the rounds on the usual right-wing disinformation sites.  No, Young didn't sell his music to Blackstone.  He sold it to Hipgnosis (great name!).  And the rest of the conspiracy, involving Blackstone's later investment, the hiring of a former Pfizer executive, suppression of information challenging vaccines, and likely Elvis, Bigfoot, and space aliens, is more of the idiocy increasingly the enterprise of the right.  None of this is worth the paper it is printed on.

I just finished reading Jonathan Rauch's *The Constitution of Knowledge*, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in how we determine the truth: in science, in economics, in politics.  He breaks little new ground, but it's a wonderful synthesis of ideas from Hobbes to Locke and Madison, to Karl Popper, to Trumpian disinformation campaigns and modern canel culture.  The marketplace of ideas is one of his central concerns.  It's well worth a read.