Jon Turban correctly diagnoses racist undertones in recent letters, but his cure is worse than the disease.  "Giving someone a platform to expose openly racist language [...] has no place in society."  No.  The marketplace of ideas is central to a free society.  Even morons spouting drivel are free to do so.  In dialog and mutual critiques we discover truth.

How does this apply to Ed Kozlowski's latest boogey-man, Neil Young?  Isn't his Spotify ultimatum -- Joe Rogan or Young -- an unacceptable deplatforming?  No.  When Twitter suspended Trump's account for violating its terms, many fans quit Twitter in protest.  They were perfectly justified.  The same is true for Neil Young.  If you are offended by how a platform acts, whether by suspending your hero's access or by hosting Covid misinformation promoters, then you can withold your appoval, your attention... your music catalog.  It doesn't repudiate the marketplace of ideas; it's how that marketplace functions.  I'm with Jill Filipovic, who said that Spotify "should draw the line at dangerous life-threatening conspiracy theories."

Mr. Kozlowski's remaining letter is a monstrous waste.  First he paints the Reaganite Neil Young as a hero of Progressivism, then bashes Young for an old homophobic statement, then parrots a ridiculous conspiracy theory.  No, Young didn't sell his music to Blackstone.  The rest of the conspiracy, involving Blackstone's later investment in Hipgnosis, the hiring of a former Pfizer executive, suppression of anti-vaxx information, and, likely, Elvis and space aliens, is more of the idiocy increasingly the enterprise of the right.

I just read Jonathan Rauch's *The Constitution of Knowledge*, which discusses how we determine truth: in science, in economics, in politics.  He breaks little new ground, but it's a wonderful synthesis of ideas from Hobbes to Locke and Madison, to Karl Popper, to Trumpian disinformation and modern canel culture.  The marketplace of ideas is a central concerns.  I highly recommend it.