Jon Turban correctly diagnoses the racist undertones of recent letters.  But he suggests a cure worse than the disease.  "Giving someone a platform to expose openly racist language and talking points [...] has no place in society."  No.  The marketplace of ideas is central to a free society.  Even morons spouting such drivel should be free to do so.  In dialog and mutual critiques we discover truth.

How does this apply to Ed Kozlowski's latest boogey-man, Neil Young?  Isn't his Spotify ultimatum -- Joe Rogan or Young -- a form of unacceptable deplatforming?  On the whole it doesn't qualify.  When Twitter suspended Donald Trump's account for violating its terms, many fans quit Twitter in protest.  They were perfectly justified in doing so.  The same is true for Neil Young.  If you are offended by how a platform acts, whether by suspending your hero's access or by hosting spouters of dangerous Covid misinformation, then you can freely withold your appoval, your attention, or your music catalog.  This is not an repudiation of the marketplace of ideas; it's a central to how that marketplace functions.  Personally, I'm with Jill Filipovic, who said that Spotify "should draw the line at dangerous life-threatening conspiracy theories."

The rest of Mr. Kozlowski's letter is a monstrous waste.  First he paints the Reaganite Neil Young as a hero of Progressivism.  (For the record, unlike certain Trumpians, the left doesn't go for hero-worship unless it Gandhi or MLK; even that is contingent.)  He bashes Young for one nearly 40-year-old homophobic statement.  Then he repeats a recent ridiculous conspiracy theory.  No, Young didn't sell his music to Blackstone.  He sold it to Hipgnosis (great name!).  The rest of the conspiracy, involving Blackstone's later investment, the hiring of a former Pfizer executive, suppression of anti-vaxx information, and likely Elvis and space aliens, is more of the idiocy increasingly the enterprise of the right.  None of this is worth the paper it is printed on.

I just read Jonathan Rauch's *The Constitution of Knowledge*; I highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in how we determine the truth: in science, in economics, in politics.  He breaks little new ground, but it's a wonderful synthesis of ideas from Hobbes to Locke and Madison, to Karl Popper, to Trumpian disinformation campaigns and modern canel culture.  The marketplace of ideas is one of his central concerns.  It's well worth a read.