At a recent public hearing on Andover's proposed Charter changes, first Selectman Jeff Macguire sais, "I actually take the fact that Don Denley, a far right Republican, and Scott Sauyet, a far left Democrat [...] believe that these issues are inaccurate... I feel that that is a win because that means that we're driving the bus right down the middle of the field."

Now, outside his odd desire to drive a bus through a field, that sounds sensible, right?  Perhaps a little cowardly, but there's a desire to find a middle-ground between two extremes.  What's wrong with that?

It's simple, really: there is no middle ground.  Don and Scott are saying the *exact same thing*!

While we disagree radically about many things, the two of us are in harmony -- along with many other town residents -- in understanding that questions 6 - 11 propose a substantial rearrangement of power structures in town government, taking power away from you and me and handing it to the Board of Selectmen and the Town Administrator.  With all due respect to the hard work of the revision commission, the process was too rushed and the results show it.

Many ballot questions are extermely misleading.  While they sound sensible, the actual changes to the charter do much more than the questions express.  It absolutely makes sense to adjust one week to align the Andover budget vote with the RHAM one.  Why does that mean that other processes move up *thirty* days?  Why does it mean that the Town Administrator gets first crack at the budgets, inluding the usually independent AES budget?  Why does it mean that the Board of Finance's authority to review gets watered down by adding the BOS to their hearing?  More technically, what language would the charter include if Question 10 passes but Questions 7 and 8 do not?  And why do we want to strip from the voters the right to choose a Town Clerk and to decide on proposed ordinances?

There is no middle ground between us.  We both urge everyone to vote no on Questions 6 - 11.