Briefly to Annie Steinbrecher: not to detract from the debt ceiling point, but the breathless quote about 25% of our total debt coming during Trump's budgets needs context.  By the end of Obama's last budget, 42% had been incurred during his two terms; for Bush Jr., it was 50% in two; for Clinton, 24% in two; for Bush Sr., 35% in one; for Reagan, 65% in two; for Carter, 30% in one.  Clinton was the only one far better than Trump; Bush Sr. and Reagan were far worse.

Now, on to our nonconformist, Sam Prentice, who always, "performs my own due diligence on the information I seek and receive."  This from the man who invokes charlatan Tony Heller in a lame attempt to rebut widely recognized climate science?  This from the man who -- recycling stories from Fox News, The Daily Caller, The New York Post, and Rush Limbaugh -- claimes his independent research on the Clinton Foundation reached the exact same conclusion as theirs, and clings to it even as it's demolished by all relevant experts.

It reminds me of the folderol about Critical Race Theory.  I don't recall if Mr. Prentice was among those up in arms about it, but it wouldn't be surprising.  In 2020, the "do your own research" posse all simultanously did their own research about a discipline that had been around unchallenged since 1975 and amazingly reached identical conclusions... that of course had nothing to do with Fox's incessant hype on the matter.  Some totally coincidental independent research by these nonconformists caused them to write anti-CRT letters to the Rivereast.

Choosing lesser-known and less respected sources of information is not independent research.  Acting just like everyone else in the smaller crowd is not nonconformity.

By the way, Scientific American does not do science.  It explains and popularizes science.  Just like National Geographic explaining but not practicing anthropology, or People reporting on performers but not performming itself.  It's smple, really.  Also, I'm curious.  If "Leftist Democrats are the most destructive and devastating forces in the world," where do Leftist Independents, Centrist Democrats and MAGA Republicans fall on the scale?