Our local right-wing correspondents see the losing battle on gun control and the rapidly deteriorating status of Donald Trump and they clearly want to change the subject.  They go for an oldie-but-a-goodie: global warming.  And to understand their suggestions, you must learn something we might call Prentice-logic.

One recent letter from Sam Prentice highlights this, suggesting that increasing CO2 levels can't be a problem because plants need it.  Let's examine other instances of the same "if some is good, more must be bettter" notion.  If one beer is good to drink, then a few cases must be much better.  If a gallon of distilled water in your kitchen is good, then flooding the kitchen with water can only be an improvement.  If eight hours of sleep a day is good for your health, then twenty hours can only make you healthier.  Absurd?  Yes, as is much denier's nonsense.

Last week he recommended that we read the blog of science denier Tony Heller (aka Steven Goddard -- don't ask!) to learn about his imagined conspiracy of climate scientists, journalists, politicians, and others who seem to be after mind-control or some such.  If you want to find out about this site, visit the review from the media bias checker at https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/real-climate-science/, which rates it as a conspiracy-pseudoscience site, with  a "Moderate" conspiracy rating and a "Quackery" pseudo-science level.  It was presumably named so that it could be accidentally mistaken for the excellent https://www.realclimate.org/, which is found to be pro-science, with the highest rating for factual reporting (https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/realclimate/.)

While I applaud Mr. Prentice for finally listing some sources, pointing to a shoddy, meaningless site simply because it agrees with one's bias is hardly a powerful argument.

And then there's the logic of suggesting that the party of death is not the party opposed to limiting gun proliferation, the party voting against infant formula relief, the party that led us into unwinabble wars in the Middle East, but the party that opposed all this.

Prentice logic is quite interesting, no?