I'm fairly sure that no one person can be wrong about everything.  Sam Prentice is striving to be the exception.  I have conflicting feelings about monetary reparations for slavery and our country's history of racial inequality.  But Mr. Prentice's arguments are absurd, misinformed, and insulting.  If we want to debate the subject, we should actually understand what it's about.

Let's start with, "They want white Americans to engage in self-flagellation for events occuring over a century ago..."  No. Reparation proponents are not asking "white Americans" for anything.  They are looking for for apologies and redress from institutions, not individuals.  If Mr. Prentice chooses to engage in self-flagellation, it's for personal reasons.

Reparations are about two things: apologizing for past behavior and making recompense for harm.

Reparations have been made in America for slavery, for theft of land from Native Americans, for the WWII internment of Japanese Americans, for police brutality and torture, for illegal medical experiments and forced sterilizations.  Churches, states, seminaries, banks, colleges and others have provided reparations for their part in slavery.  Germany, Japan, Austria, and France have made reparations for WWII atrocities.  UMASS maintains a fantastic list (https://guides.library.umass.edu/reparations).

In the U.S., the vast majority of reparations have gone to racial minorities.  This makes sense.  There is still huge racial discrimination in housing, in the criminal justice system, in college admissions.  Black Lives Matter grew not because of general police brutality, but because of extreme police brutality specifically against black men.  There are still grave systemic racial inequalities in America, demonstrating the huge shadow of slavery, our country's original sin.  Reparations are one partial step in fixing the problem; they seem unlikely in the current political climate, but so was a national apology for slavery, and that happened a dozen years ago.

Sam Prentice's continual focus on the history of the Democratic party is tedious.  Yes, that party is one of the institutions that should apologize for its connections to slavery and racism, that's clear.  I don't know if it ever has.  We can ignore his lies about Chicago; I'm sure even he doesn't actually believe them.  But we also should point out the absurdity of his claim that Democrats interred the Japanese; that was the action of the U.S. government; that the President was a Democrat has little bearing.

As usual, Mr. Prentice gets the facts entirely wrong, and makes absurd conclusions.  Perhaps he's the exception that proves the rule.