Members of RHAM's Board of Education have seen a recent increase in
communications from the community asking the Board to invesigate school
matterss.  These writers are often surprised to hear no response from the Board.
From now on, the Board will try to always respond, but the community should
understand why many of those responses will often contain little more than a
referral to Administration.

The reason is simple: many such matters are simply outside the authority of
School Boards.

While the BOE member are elected by the citizens and are responsible to them, by
law they are also agents of the state, responsible for the appropriate education
of our children.  Their responsibilities are constrained; they have three
principle jobs.  They hire and supervise the school Superintendent.  They adopt
an annual budget.  And they set distrcit policy.  There is a fourth, ideally
rare, job:  They serve as the jury in unresolved disputes between the
Administration and students or staff.  That's it.  That is all a BOE is allowed
to do.

Individual members do not even have that authority.  They can work only as a
collective, and only during a duly-called meeting.  Teachers run the classrooms,
principals run the schools, and the Superintendent runs the district.  The Board
decides doesn't really run anything.  They don't supervise the classrooms or
schools or even the district as a whole; they supervise exactly one employee,
the Superintendent.  Remmber, though, that they are responsible for deciding on
the policies that govern the district, and have the ultimate responsibility for
the budget.

So, community members who have a problem in the classroom or on the ballfield
should take it up with the teacher or the coach.  If they don't get a
satisfactory resolution, they should speak to the principals or the athletic
director.  If they still have concerns, they should get in touch with the
Superintendent.  If they bring such concerns to the Board of Education, there is
little the Board can do besides directing the Superintendant to shepherd the
issue through the administration.

