Unsurprisingly, the recent Rivereast issue contained numerous letters condemning the seditious attack on our Capitol.  Also unsurprising, Don Denley takes a very different tack.  He weasels around issues, claiming to condemn the violence but drawing unjustified parallels with other recent events.

Where to start? How about this? "It would be difficult to ascertain whether they were infiltrated by members of Antifa... but it's entirely possible."  This sounds like, "Have you stopped beating your wife?"  It is the worst kind of weaseling, making a claim by pretending it's unclear whether it might be true.  Well it's not true.  This has been fact-checked, and it's an unvarnished lie.  (https://www.factcheck.org/2021/01/bogus-antifa-claims-follow-capitol-riot/)

Or how about this? "I was deeply saddened to see a young Air Force female -- unarmed -- shot to death by security," which he follows up with, "Just imagine if this officer had shot and killed a Black Lives Matter protestor."  Funny, I don't recall Mr. Denley making any complaints of the police violence marring otherwise peacful BLM protests this summer.  Is it that clubs and cruisers and pepper spray are fine but guns are not?  (And yes, these were mostly peaceful protests, with any violence usually instigated by the police.  See https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/10/16/this-summers-black-lives-matter-protesters-were-overwhelming-peaceful-our-research-finds/.)  And "a young Air Force female"?!  Does anyone believe that he would have written "a young Air Force male"?  Why does her gender matter, or for that matter, her job?

And how about calling Antifa "a large, violent, anti-government organization?"  Of course he cites no evidence for this.  There is none.  Antifa is a loosely knit collection of organizations that share information on fascist and racist activities across the country.  They promote direct action and sometimes even violence, and many of us on the left criticize them for that, but there is little actual violence.  And of course, the right-wing has perpetrated the majority of all recent U.S. terrorist incidents.  (https://www.csis.org/analysis/escalating-terrorism-problem-united-states)

Mr. Denley, weaseling demeans you.  If you believe something, state it.  And if you claim to have facts, how about citing some sources?