Ed Kozlowski says that "Democrats are feartully desperate to stop Donald Trump."  He's right.  While I would prefer adjectives like "resolute", "adamant", or "steadfast", Democrats are part of the majority of the country that absolutely wants to stop Donald Trump.  The reason is simple: we love our country.

Our democracy began in earnest with the adoption of the Constitution in 1789.  Over the succeeding 228 years, it expanded and grew, in land, in people, in democratic ideals.  But starting in 2017, a cult of personality stressed existing fractures in the foundations of our nation, and started new ones.  Donald Trump, with an acute preference for authoritarianism, managed to convince a great number of gullible people that he, a narcissistic scion of wealth and privilege, was a man of the people who could actually lead this country.

His idea of leadership consisted of xenophobia, racism, sexism, incessant lying, and bullying.  Where relations between groups were frayed, he tore them apart.  Where they seemed solid, he drove in wedges.  He began the dismemberment of our nation.  And now he wants the chance to finish the job.

Anyone who loves this country should be fighting tooth and nail against this possibility.

I don't know if Mr. Kozlowski considers himself a patriot, but he's not acting like one.  He uncritically repeats Trump's lies, or their echos from right-wing media.  Just a few responses: Mueller found strong evidence of collusion with Russia, and even stronger evidence of obstruction of justice; I've read the report, and the only reason there were no indictments of Trump was a long-standing Justice Department prohibition on indicting a sitting president.  Campaign finance reform is needed for other reasons; as with Watergate, the New York allegations are all about an illegal cover-up.  There were no credible accusations of lascivious behavior from Hillary Clinton; from Trump we had them from his own mouth.  Hunter Biden is a private citizen with no government role; we need care no more about his behaviors than about those of Baron Trump, Sasha Obama, Jenna Bush, Chelsea Clinton, Ron Reagan, Jr. or Amy Carter.  And anyone who cannot see the rationale of helping our ally -- and major world food producer -- fight off aggression from our long-time foe has neither compassion nor an understanding of geopolitics.

If we love our country, we might ceaselessly fight these lies and the grandstanding politician who promulgates them!