Stop talking, Jeff!  Just stop talking.

We really need to know: Why is the First Selectman trying to be King of Andover?

Remember two years ago, when he appointed himself to a Charter Review Committee and tried to use that to take authority away from the Board of Finance and Board of Education, to concentrate it in his own hands?  When that failed, he took advantage of the little-known provision in Andover's Charter to insert himself in those Boards' meetings.

He seems to think that being an *ex officio* member of these boards entitles him to dominate huge swaths of the agendas, to roundly critique the way they operate, continually crowing about his having been a CPA.  Guess what, Jeff?  That does not qualify you to run the finances of the town. It certainly doesn't qualify you to run any part of the school.  If you want to contribute to those Boards, next time, run for one of them.

There's something Jeff doesn't control, and it gnaws at him.

He runs his own meetings as a bully, abusing his own Board members and guests.  Watch some of the BOS meetings.  He is openly dismissive of Anne Cremé, and often of Carol Lee.  He accuses Anne of being nothing but a shill for Education, and berates her for daring to hold opinions contrary to his own.  Superintendent Valerie Bruneau receives similar abuse.   He asks for student and family financial information that she has repeatedly  explained  is confidential due to student privacy laws or other legal restrictions.  He won't hear it, petulantly insisting that his not getting his own way is evidence of a lack of transparency.  No Jeff, the superintendent  knows her job and  these laws and adheres to them.

In one egregious example, while he was making an ass of himself at the January BOE meeting, Sharon St. Rock was doing what new members traditionally do: listening more than talking.  That's how you learn the ropes.  But at one point, she added something to the discussion.  Jeff's response?  "Stop talking, Sharon!"

Stop talking?  You use the role traditionally meant for a liason to insert yourself as a loudmouth saboteur in the BOE, and you want *Sharon* to stop talking?  There *is* someone who is doing far too much talking.  It's not Sharon.  Look in the mirror, Jeff.

We haven't discussed misogyny, contraventions of FOIA, or the chaos at Town Hall.  But it's time for me to stop talking too... for now.