Sam Prentice doesn't seem to realize that an accurate label is much more than a slur.

There's a reason that people are calling Donald Trump and his cronies "fascists", and it's not because such is the go-to slur for the left.  No, it's because they actually *are* fascists.  Yes, the club that includes Hitler, Mussolini, Franco, Pinochet, and Suharto now includes our so-called president.  As much as those of us on the left detested Reagan and Bush, Jr., few were tempted to call them fascists.  That changed when a fascist took office.

In 2003, Laurence Britt wrote what has become the definitive list of clear signs of fascism.  Note that these were written long before Trump's political career, but most of them seem incredibly apt:

  1. Powerful and continuing expressions of nationalism.
  2. Disdain for the importance of human rights.
  3. Identification of enemies / scape-goats as a unifying cause.
  4. The supremacy of the military / avid militarism.
  5. Rampant sexism.
  6. A controlled mass media.
  7. Obsession with national security.
  8. Religion and ruling elite tied together.
  9. Power of corporations protected.
  10. Power of labor suppressed or eliminated.
  11. Disdain and suppression of intellectuals and the arts.
  12. Obsession with crime and punishment.
  13. Rampant cronyism and corruption.
  14. Fraudulent elections.

We haven't seen too much of #8 yet.  Nor of #14, although they are clearly ramping up efforts to delegitimize any election that doesn't go their way.  The other twelve signs are practically the definition of Trumpism.

We have local elections coming up.  Does this affect them?  Not directly, I hope.  Not too many candidates for local office are wanna-be dictators.  But anyone running under the Republican banner owes us an assurance that they oppose the current destruction of our democracy.  And I haven't seen that, not from any of them.  No Republican candidates have publicly disavowed Trump and all he stands for.  So we cannot in good conscience vote for any of them.  (Well, maybe for Sharon St. Rock, who's been cross-endorsed by both Democrats and Republicans.)

Mr. Prentice wants to restore America, he says, to "what she was meant to be".  America was meant to be a beacon of freedom, an exercise in self-government by the people, with an intricate set of checks and balances to prevent any one person or institution amassing too much power.  It was from the start a nation of immigrants, and over time it enfranchised more and more of its residents.  If that's what he wants to restore, then by all means, let's join with him in blocking the MAGA movement in its attempt to destroy the nation we love.