Donald Trump has taught the modern Republican party an important technique: never admit the lie; treat your audience like idiots; keep repeating it until the other side stops arguing.  People like Sam Prentice have taken this to heart.  In three previous letters (details at http://letters.sauyet.com/#/pages/democracy), I have corrected his "not a democracy, but a republic" mantra.  But he repeats it again.

He tells the well-known Benjamin Franklin story, but conveniently ignores the actual question asked: "Doctor, what have we got? A republic or a monarchy?", which gives context to the answer, "A Republic, if you can keep it."  And that's the point.  Webster's primary definition of *republic* is "a government having a chief of state who is not a monarch and who in modern times is usually a president."  So, yes, we're a republic.

Webster's primary definition of *democracy*: "a government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually involving periodically held free elections."  So guess what?  We're a democracy too.  No one argues that we're an Athenian-style direct democracy, or even a New England Town Meeting one.  If Mr. Prentice wants to deny that we're also a representative democracy, he really needs to explain how we don't match the definition.

The fact that the word "democracy" doesn't appear in the Constitution means no more than the fact that the word "republican" is used only in reference to the states.  As much as I know Sam Prentice wants to deny it, the constitution requires interpretation.  If he wants to stick to textualism, I wonder how he'd debate the contention that the Supreme Court has no authority to strike down Connecticut gun laws.  After all, there is no reference to judicial review in the Constitution.  There's no enumerated power to strike down Federal laws, let along state ones.

Nothing else in his fanciful letter -- let alone Ed Kozlowski's perpetual nonsense -- is worth rebutting, except to say that Mr. Prentice has clearly not read the Mueller report.