Trump supporters are an amazing bunch.  I don't care what they think of Joe Biden; the threat to our country from another Trump term is overwhelming.  Supporting this would-be tyrant is an unpatriotic disloyalty to our great nation.

They scream about the economy.  But by every measure except inflation (which affected all our peer nations) it's been better under Biden, and even that is back under control now.  And Trump has been publicly rooting *against* our economy.  He is perfectly happy to inflict misery on all of us if it helps him get votes.  Supporting Trump is supporting anti-American political grandstanding.

(A note here to Don Denley: yes, people say the economy is bad; but they mostly say their own finances are fine.  The disconnect demonstrate the gullible believing incessant lies from right-wing media; that doesn't make it true.)

They follow Trump's lead and talk about crime rates.  Outside a little blip that started with the pandemic, they've been falling for decades, and in fact 2023 had the sharpest drop in murder rate on record.  But the facts won't stop their screaming.  Supporting Trump is supporing unjustified paranoia.

Now they want to focus on immigration.  When the Democrats gave the Republicans everything they wanted in an immigration bill, Congressional Trump supporters nixed the bill because they thought it might help Biden by reducing immigration.  This is not speculation; they said it out loud.  Now they say that Biden can do it all via executive orders.  Do you remember how they reacted to Obama setting immigration rules through executive orders?  They went through the roof.  But they were silent when Trump did so.  Supporting Trump is supporting crass manipulation.

Now when Trump says he'd let Putin invade NATO allies who hadn't paid enough dues, you'd better bet that his supporters are about to claim justification, as evident in Ken Hjulstrom's claim that Trump is a horrible human being but that's simply what we need now.  Supporting Trump is supporting cowardly bullying.

In fact, Supporting Trump is supporting evil, plain and simple.
