First off, briefly, it's been a month, and as I predicted, no Trump-supporting writers here have decried his suggested "termination" of the Constitution.  And these people pretend to be conservatives?  Ha!

The main topic is related.  After an exhausting few days, the House has selected Kevin McCarthy as speaker.  This is the first time in a hundred years that the Speaker vote has gone beyond a single ballot.  We'd have to go back to the Civil War to find a race that required more ballots, and there have been only four in history that took more than the current one.

What was the obstacle?  Juvenile right-wing members that threw hissy-fits about not being in power.  That and the lack of credible alternatives.  The Republican Part is pulling itself apart.  While sitting on the sideline and holding up "GOP in disarray!" signs is amusing, this has serious consequences.  McCarthy had to compromise on spending and on his own grip on power -- a sure signal that the Republican House will once again play games with our nation's credit-worthiness on the next debt-ceiling deadline.

After the reign of Nancy Pelosi, who will likely go down in history in the company of the greatest Speakers we've ever had, such as Frederick Muhlenberg, Henry Clay, Schuyler Colfax, Henry Thomas Rainey, Sam Rayburn, and Tip O'Neill, McCarthy comes in severely weakened, in charge of a caucus unserious about the art of governing.  Can you imagine the likes of Lauren Boebert, Matt Gaetz, Paul Gosar, or Chip Roy with oversized influence on the direction of our country?

To be fair, some of those concessions are long overdue.  Smaller bills with more time for deliberation are a clear win.  But most of what they've done is simply to hobble the House and its Speaker.  Never forget: our current fractious politics are not some necessary result of history.  They are the results of Newt Gingrich's Speakership more interest in bombast and prurience than in running the country.  It's doubtful that McCarthy has that in mind, but he's sacrificed so much authority that he probably can't stop it.

Okay, just once, then:  "GOP in Disarray!!"