Secretary Clinton certainly showed poor judgment in using a private email server for official business.  Remember the MAGA outcry?  "Lock her up! Lock her up!"  Of course Donald Trump led the charge.

When the FBI continued its investigation into Russia's attempt to influence the 2016 election, what did Trump do?  He fired the director of the FBI.  ("Lock her up!")  When special counsel Robert Mueller completed his report, what did Trump's Attorney General do?  He released a summary that radically misrepresented the report.  ("Lock her up!")  Speaking of the Mueller report, Ed Kozlowski claims I have an obsession about it.  Until now, I've written a total of three sentences on the topic over the last four years. (http://letters.sauyet.com/#/search/mueller)  That is a very strange notion of obsession.

When the actual Mueller report made clear that Barr's summary was all lies, that Russia did interfere in the election, that Trump and his team welcomed it and shared information with Russia, and that they then obstructed justice in order to cover it up, what did Trump do?  He tasked John Dunham to investigate the investigation. ("Lock her up!")

When Dunham released his report, which claimed some bias, but suggestd only that the Russia investigation should have started as a preliminary investigation rather than a full one, what did the Republican's do?  They screamed this was evidence of a deep state conspiracy.  ("Lock her up!")

When it seemed likely that Joe Biden would be his 2020 opponent, what did Trump do?  He illegally pressured Ukraine to help dig up dirt on Biden?  ("Lock her up!")  When Republicans gained control of the House, what did they do?  They dug deep to find evidence of wrong-doing by Biden's son.  ("Lock her up!")  When all they find to charge him with are two misdeameanors, they again claim some deep state nonsense.  ("Lock her up!")

Now, when Donald Trump is credibly indicted for stealing classified documents, refusing to return them, and shuffling them around unsecured locations to hide them from authorities, what do Trump and his fans do?  They start screaming about the weaponization of the justice system.  The hypocrisy is astounding.  But we know what their next words will be, don't we?  "Lock her up!"