"Leftists blame guns for shootings," says Sam Prentice.  This is what I meant when I wrote, "But the usual idiots will surely be back tomorrow telling us that gun control is
immoral, stupid, and unconstitutional."  No, guns don't shoot.  Guns don't commit murder.  Guns don't invade our schools, businesses, public squares, and places of worship in order to massacre the innocent.  It's people with overly easy access to guns who do that.

Dupes of the gun lobby are always comparing guns to some incident with knives, automobiles, or something else used as a weapon.  Well, access to knives and to automobiles are even more universal than access to firearms, and yet firearms are the weapon used in more than three fourths of the murders in this country, and almost all of the mass killings.  (Source: https://link.sauyet.com/48)

As to the phrase "well-regulated Militia", it's really simple enough.  In the Declaration of Independence, it's very clear that the Crown's army and its interaction with the colonists was a great concern to the founders.  They worried standing armies would lead to tyranny (remember that when they discuss the framers intent!), and thought that the United States should raise them only during wartime.  Instead, states formed militias from able-bodied citizens.  They mostly protected territory near their homes, but because they could be called up to national service, they had to be "well-regulated", that is, trained to common standards.

For 217 years, the extent of firearm regulation was mostly left to the states, but in 2008, the Heller decision for the first time asserted that the right was an individual right and set us on our current dangerous course.  Firearm regulations are not only constitutional, they are a moral imperative and have a longstanding history.

Briefly, to Don Denley, read up on job growth, GDP, wages, unemployment, and nearly all measure of economic health.  Inflation is too high, yes, but the overall economy is great.  Also, if you think that being found not guilty by a jury of your peers is a technicality, you need to retake high school civics.