This is America:

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.

A new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Ask not what your country can do for you — ask what you can do for your country. Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door! Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!

This is America on Trump:

Covfefe. Inject you some bleach. Very fine people on both sides. This American carnage stops right here and stops right now. Covfefe. The opinion of this so-called judge. Grab them by the pu**y. When you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Covfefe. The largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period. Alternative facts. Journalists are the enemy of the people. Just remember what you’re seeing and what you're reading is not what’s happening. Fake news! Covfefe.

Mexico will pay for it. If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. No, I would not protect some NATO allies; in fact, I would encourage Russia to do whatever the hell they want. Low Energy Jeb, Crooked Hillary, Slimeball James Comey, Lyin' Ted, Jeff Flakey, Evan McMuffin, Sleepy Joe, Crazy Bernie, Little Marco, Shifty Schiff, Wacky Jacky, Phony Fani, Little Rocket Man, Pocahontas, Crazy Bernie. Covfefe! Americans who died in war Are losers and suckers. McCain is not a war hero; I like people who weren't captured. Covfefe, covfefe, COVFEFE!

Any questions?