Title: Candidate Comparison
Date: 2007-04-28
Tags: Board of Finance, Ensorsement
People: Joan Foran, Donald Denley
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm struck by an odd pairing on Andover's upcoming ballot. On line 8A is Donald
Denley; on line 8B is Joan Foran. They are running from different parties for
the Board of Finance. They are not really running against each other; we can
choose any four of the eight candidates. Nonetheless, the juxtaposition makes
one want to compare them. The contrast is astounding.

Joan Foran has served the town in so many positions it's hard to even list them
all. She's been on the Board of Finance, the Recreation Commission, several
School Building committees, and the Committee for Cultural Diversity. She has
been a Girl Scout leader and a member of the PTA. As Board of Education
chairperson, she confidently and competently steered the school system through
some very difficult times.

Joan is soft spoken, always willing to listen, open-minded, and fair. But her
gentleness does not hide a steely determination. She is the sort of
publicly-minded citizen whose volunteerism keeps small towns running.

Don Denley is rather different. He has been an outspoken member of the Board of
Finance. But his comments there always hint at an agenda beyond what's best for
the town. He tells everyone who'll listen how much his conservative voting has
helped the town, and seems to conveniently forget that it was when his faction
was in the majority that the towns finances fell apart. Mr. Denley's
self-promotion, moreover, seems undignified; who else in our little town takes
out a quarter-page advertisement to sell his own candidacy? His snide remarks to
other public officials and the times when he storms out of Finance meetings to
avoid hearing a conflicting point of view make him come across as petulant. He
seems to have nothing to offer except negativity.

There is a clear choice here. I know that Joan Foran and Don Denley are not
running directly against one another, but they provide an unparalleled
demonstration that our choices at the voting booth really do matter.

I urge everyone to support Joan Foran.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
