Title: Stacking Meetings
Date: 2008-06-28
Topics: Town Meetings
People: Georgette Conrad
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Georgette Conrad had some good points in her recent letter. She's probably right
that the budget would have passed if we'd cut the truck, even though that would
only save about $20 per person and would over a few years cost taxpayers even
more money; people are funny that way. Her comments on the FOI laws are probably
accurate, although some of what she said about the Town Charter and Ordinances
are probably not borne out by the opinion rendered by our town attorney.

But she's way off base with her comments on stacking the meeting. I may be one
of the people she believes is doing the stacking. I urge people to attend, even
people who haven't been paying much attention to the budget. If I'd been able to
encourage just a few more to get out and vote yes, I guess I would have stacked
the referendum too.

A democracy is best served by participation. It is not a bad thing when people
make it to the meeting. It is a very good thing. It would be great for our town
if turnout were better than the measly three or four percent of registered
voters that make it to town meetings and the under twenty percent that make it
for referendums.

The concern that these people have not been paying attention is legitimate but
overblown. Residents have a real stake in services provided by the town and the
costs of those services. Showing up to discuss the budget is a very good thing,
even if many of us cannot afford the time to attend all the Selectmen and
Finance meetings. This is not laziness or apathy. We have family and work
obligations and other forms of community involvement.

I serve on the Board of Education, the Website Committee, and the Capital
Improvement Commission. I am a member of the PTA and coach youth sports. Besides
all this, I have a full-time job and need to somehow squeeze in as much time as
I can with my wife and two young children; I won't take any more time from my
schedule to observe the budgeting process. But I will continue to show up for
town meetings and referendums as often as possible. And I encourage friends and
neighbors to do the same.

We're not stacking the meetings. We're participating in them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
