Title: For The People
Date: 2010-10-12
Tags: Economy, Deregulation, Tea Party, Republicans
People: Margaret McCutcheon Faber, Robert Kodym, Dick Shea
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The last time the banks almost destroyed our economy, the United States pieced
together a New Deal that said people are more important than big business and
that government would provide a check on corporate excesses. For the next two
generations, our middle class grew and prospered and poverty fell sharply.

But since then, three decades of deregulation have reversed this course. The
middle class has stagnated, poverty has skyrocketed, and the only ones
benefiting are the rich. We've managed to build a government of the wealthy, by
the wealthy, and for the wealthy. We've even fought two wars in Iraq to promote
the interests of oil giants. (If you don't believe oil was the reason, answer
this: Would we have fought two wars there if Iraq was the world's third-largest
producer of carrots?) Meanwhile, the American dream has slipped further away
from us. Once again the banks nearly destroyed our economy.

An angry response has arisen, in the form of the Tea Party movements. The anger
is legitimate, but it is not properly directed. For the past two years, the
Democrats have worked to restore some measure of sanity, to reiterate that
government is to serve the interests of the people, and not those of Wall
Street. The Republicans have opposed them in lock-step, promoting cynical
political calculations rather than principled stands. We should be angry at
these Republicans.

President Bush's TARP program prevented a total collapse of the banking system,
but when it came to adding accountability for those who caused the disaster, the
Republicans said no. President Obama's stimulus program has prevented the loss
of millions more jobs, but when it came to expanding it to help additional
suffering Americans, the Republicans said no. And when the Democrats made a
generations-overdue attempt to rein in the spiraling health-care costs, the
Republicans again said no. They'll claim concern for the deficit, but when they
were in charge, the federal debt rose at an historic 8.3% per year.

Now in Connecticut, the Republicans are putting up multi-millionaire candidates
for office, using vast personal fortunes to try to buy their way into office. I
guess they really do figure that if the government is going to be for the
wealthy, it should be by the wealthy. They're wrong. The government should be on
the side of average Americans. To the party of No, we need to say one thing: No.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
