Title: Living Document
Date: 2016-04-10
Tags: Constitution
People: Daniel Colby, Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Daniel Colby does not believe in a living, breathing Constitution. It seems he
must then also believes our government and our society are dead, inert things as
well.

Where in the Constitution does he find an answer to the question of whether the
government can compel a cell phone maker to develop software overcoming its
privacy protection security? How does he believe that Madison would think about
the notion of our Government collecting telephone records on citizens not
suspected of any crime in order to fight terrorism? And how does he imagine
eighteenth century farmers, shopkeepers, and tradesmen would decide in the
question of whether the President may order strikes by aerial drones in
situations where American citizens could be harmed?

The genius of the Constitution is that it is a flexible framework for
government, one that has adapted itself over time to our country's changing
circumstances. Had that not been the case, it would certainly not have lasted.

Schoolchildren are taught that the Supreme Court decides on the
constitutionality of laws, but I challenge anyone to find that power enumerated
in Article III or anywhere else in the Constitution. The Constitution puts the
decisions about war into the hands of Congress. The last time Congress declared
war was WWII. We've had several wars since. The US has grown by conquest and by
purchase; but I challenge anyone to find Constitutional justification for the
purchase of the Louisiana territory or Alaska or of the relationship with Puerto
Rico, Guam, American Samoa, etc.

What has allowed this is our living, breathing constitution.

On another note, kudos to Sam Prentice on his excellent letter. Although I know
we disagree on what proceeds from there, his is an excellent basis for the start
of discussions on the role of government in our society.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
