Title: Andover Voodoo Math
Date: 2007-05-02
Topics: Andover, Budget
People: Bob Burbank, Steve Reade
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Andover needs to keep its eye on the ball in the upcoming election. Some people
are trying to distract us from our serious situation with voodoo math regarding
the revaluation.  We have more important issues to discuss than whose property
value increased most.

After several years in which the town's finances were mismanaged, the new
administration has gotten things back under control.  Bob Burbank, Steve Reade,
and our Boards of Selectmen and Finance have led the way to fiscal
responsibility and governmental transparency.  In town meetings now our
officials aren't trying to hide anything from us.  It's quite refreshing.

But let's not deceive ourselves.  We underfunded basic services last year to
keep the budget as low as possible.  We paved no roads last year and too few in
the preceding ones.  We have very little emergency money put aside in our Rainy
Day fund.  We have been seriously underpaying many town employees.  We stripped
money from what was already one of the most responsible school system budgets
around.  This year's budget will need to increase to meet basic needs.

That money comes from our taxes.  The total budget is going to increase, so our
taxes will have to go up.

There are those who are going to scream about this.  There are those who will
blame our elected officials.  There are those who will harp on something as
irrelevant as the property revaluation.  But we have to ask ourselves about
these people, are they part of the solution?  Have they been helping us climb
out of the mess created during the Barnett administration?  Are they offering
constructive alternatives?  Or are they part of the problem?  Are they blaming
officials who only uncovered the problem for causing it?  Are they offering as a
defense of the previous administration only that there were no criminal
indictments, as though that was sufficient justification for incompetence?  Are
they trying to make self-serving political gain from a mess they helped cause?

These are serious times.  We won't be distracted by hocus-pocus mathematics
blaming the tax increase on the Reval.  We won't be fooled by those trying to
blame the current administration for the previous administration's failings.
We won't bury our head in the sand and hope it will all blow over.  We will face
our town's problems squarely and fix them. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
