Title: No Conflict of Interest
Date: 2008-06-03
Topics: Andover, Town Meeting, Budget
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The most recent Andover Town Meeting was a fiasco.  Oh, it was more civil than
many meetings.  No one stormed out.  Few harsh words were spoken.  But it
accomplished nothing.  The reason for this meeting is to adopt a budget to send
to town-wide referendum.  And if that can't be accomplished, the meeting should
give clear guidance to the Board of Finance as to how the proposed budget should
be altered.  This meeting managed to do neither.

There was a total of one motion to reduce the budget.  With this motion, Ed Nagy
proposed a 1% across-the-board cut on all general town accounts except those
already reduced.  That motion was soundly defeated.  But at least Mr. Nagy made
a positive contribution.  Everyone else who voted no on the budget did so
without offering a single motion to reduce even a penny from the budget
proposal.

There were brief discussions about cutting various items, including the
elementary school budget, town office-holders' salaries, and snow removal.
Without any motions made though, the Board of Finance cannot know if these were
the ideas of the majority of voters or only of a small group.

Those who went to the meeting should feel proud of participating in our
democracy.  But those who voted against the proposed budget without offering any
concrete alternatives need to think a little more about what they accomplished.
At least we won't incur the costs of running an unnecessary referendum, but we
must still be spending a few hundred dollars in postage and precious hours of
our own time on yet another town meeting.

I personally believe the proposed budget is under funded.  But the charter
prohibits the Town Meeting from increasing it.  I'm starting to wonder if our
Town Meeting / referendum approval method is fundamentally unworkable.  It seems
that the way it now works is that the Board of Finance works very hard to
present a mostly reasonable initial budget, then we run through a few iterations
of painful reductions after failures at town meetings or referendums until
everyone is too tired of fighting it out and an under funded budget squeaks
through.  Is this how we really want our town to function?  Do we need to change
the charter?

Please come to next Tuesday's Town Meeting not to gripe but to help build a
workable budget.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
