Title: Constitutional Law
Date: 2009-08-23
Topics: Constitution
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How blessed we are to have a local resident correct President Obama on
constitutional law.  After all, Barack Obama only went to prestigious colleges,
worked as a community organizer and civil rights lawyer, gained employment as a
scholar of constitutional law, and won election to the Illinois legislature, to
the United States Senate, and to the Presidency.

That certainly does not compare to the qualifications of the author of last
week's letter ("Has Things Backwards") whose main contribution to our political
discourse is a steady stream of diatribes postulating that global warming is a
conspiracy of liberals bent on undermining our national economy.  No, there is
no comparison at all.

The letter in question proposes a strict constructivist view of national law.
The U.S. government may not engage in anything not specifically provided for in
the constitution.  That, the author contends, should sound the death knell for
health-care reforms.

There are some other things, I believe, that this logic would also prohibit.
There should be no federal prisons, no drug laws, no consumer safety laws.  We'd
have to eliminate Medicare, student loans, and the Environmental Protection
Agency.  We should have no official flag, and no interstate highway system.  The
government should not engage in espionage or field an air force.  There may be
no anti-trust laws, nor may tort reform proceed.  None of these is provided for
in the constitution.  And of course the list goes on.

As to the letter's other contention, that progressive taxation is contrary to
Amendment V, perhaps the author never read as far as Amendment XVI, or needs to
re-read Article V.  Maybe if he reads a little less Ayn Rand, he can find the
time to look around at the country as it is and not at how he imagines it should
be.  There's plenty wrong with our nation, but there's an awful lot right with
it, too.

Unlike the author of this letter, I know few self-absorbed, dependent serfs who
demand that others fulfill their needs.  What I see is that our self-governing
republic of liberty-cherishing individuals has become a nation striving together
to establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity.

I, for one, find myself quite proud these days to be an American. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
