Title: Constitutional Law, Again
Date: 2009-09-07
Topics: Constitution
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam Prentice has the unfortunate habit of stating his beliefs as if they were
undeniable truths.  A reader could easily conclude that he prefers to be the
lone voice of dissent to actually being right, that he chooses positions mainly
out of contrariness.

He's wrong about my arguments.  The main argument was one of reductio ad
absurdum, demonstrating that a strict constructionist approach led to
conclusions that are patently absurd.  I assumed any reasonably bright reader
wouldn't need the details spelled out.  I should have realized that Mr. Prentice
wouldn't get it.

I believe Congress had the authority to legislate on all the items I listed, but
a strict constructionist would disagree.  Perhaps Mr. Prentice is right about
the highways, but regarding the others he disputes, I challenge him to find a
clause providing for the flag or the air force.

When it comes to taxes, the equal protection clause is entirely irrelevant.  For
all singles of whatever background, eligible income below $8,350 is taxed at 10%
and all of it above $372,950 is taxed at 35%, etc.  Note that his notion that
the fifth or fourteenth amendment could trump the sixteenth is fairly bizarre.

Mr. Prentice says our constitution is not a living document.  I disagree.   The
entire legal history of our republic is one of continual refinement and
redefinition.  A country founded on strict constructionism wouldn't likely have
survived a generation.  The words of John Marshall, our greatest Supreme Court
justice, are quite relevant.  Our constitution, he said, is "intended to endure
for ages to come, and consequently, to be adapted to the various crises of human
affairs."

Strict constructionism is an intellectually bankrupt legal philosophy. Even
Antonin Scalia said, "I am not a strict constructionist, and no one ought to
be."  When Sam Prentice claims that much of our government is illegitimate
because the constitution does not specifically allow for it, he is struggling to
hold on to a discredited view of our country that has held sway only among a
small cadre of libertarian scholars, not with the founders, not with most
scholars, not with the judges, and not with the people.  I will allow Mr.
Prentice the last word, but when he does respond, remember that it's easy to
state one's opinion, but opinions without substantial arguments to back them up
should never be taken too seriously.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
