Title: Consitutional Spirit
Date: 2016-02-28
Topics: Government, Constitution, Progressivism
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam Prentice's recent letter, presumably in response to my series, looks for
Constitutional scholarship when what was described was philosophy of government.
There is a substantial difference, and he seems well-enough read and intelligent
enough that he really should understand that. (Unlike certain other
letter-writers who do seem to believe that repeating their idiotic insults will
make them true.) Mr. Prentice exhorts us to "return to the spirit of the
Constitution". Let's try to see what that might mean.

The American revolutionaries won their independence and put in place a small,
weak government. They were not happy with it. They wrote the Constitution
expressly to give the national government more power. Anyone who wants to wrap
himself in both the spirit of the Constitution and the notion of a small
government must come to terms with that contradiction.

But the Founders were afraid of investing too much power in any individual or
institution. That sounds a lot like what I described for progressivism.
Progressives worry about the concentration of power in the hands of the rich, of
the government, of corporations. The Constitution dealt with this concern in an
intricate series of checks on each branch of government, on the federal
government as a whole, on the states, and even on the popular will of its
citizens.

Returning to the spirit of the Constitution involves ensuring that no
individuals or institutions amass enough power to threaten the rest of us. Or
that at the very least there are counterbalancing institutions to keep them in
check.

Please remember that those who fought for independence, wrote the Declaration,
wrote the Constitution, and served as our first generation of leaders were the
progressives of their day. To support the spirit of their document is to support
the spirit of progressivism.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
