Title: Hit a Nerve
Date: 2022-09-23
Topics: Global Warming, Science, Fact-checking
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(My first draft ran over 1000 words. I knew I could not cut enough; I've posted
the [slightly shortened] original alongside this version at
http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2022-09-23/.)

I hit a nerve for Sam Prentice. He suggests I don't do my own research, adopting
the consensus view because I am a sheep or because of sinister motives. Then he
tells us water vapor absorbs on two of the bands that CO2 does and therefore
must dwarf the effect of the relatively small amount of CO2 in the atmosphere.

I really want to know how did Mr. Prentice, a champion of independent thinking,
calculate the absorption bands for CO2 and water? What equipment did he use?
What were the experimental controls? What was his mathematical model?

When he tells us "humans only produce about 4% of annual atmospheric CO2
volumes", what does he mean to suggest? Is he saying 4% of total atmospheric CO2
is due to human activity? Or that 4% of the annual *increase* is anthropogenic?
Something else? And how did he calculate this? What is his test grid
granularity? Did he travel the world to collect samples? How did he collect the
higher altitude ones, or did he use some projection? How does his model account
for land use change and decreasing water solubility at higher temperatures? What
other factors does he use? Does his model incorporate specific solar radiation
changes, or does it smooth them over?

I'm 99.9+% certain Mr. Prentice is not a scientist and did not derive this
information himself.

Did he accept all this information on the authority of someone else? Did he get
it from a source he found that avoids information "contrary to his biased
narrative?" Can he provide any reason to trust his source over the consensus
ones? Quackery (yes, quackery:
https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/real-climate-science/) sites don't count.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*(This is the more complete version, not as tightly edited as usual.)*

I guess I hit a nerve for Sam Prentice. He suggests that I don't do enough of my
own research and am just adopting the consensus view because I am a sheep, or
because sinister motivea push me to reduce fossil fuel consumption. Then he
tells us -- incorrectly -- that water vapor absorbs on two of the bands that CO2
does and therefore must dwarf the effect of the relatively small amount of CO2
in the atmosphere.

Before we get to the actual facts, I really want to know Mr. Prentice, how did
you, a champion of independent thinking, calculate the absorption bands for CO2
and water? What equipment did you use? What were the experimental controls? What
was your mathematical model? I'm at least 99.9% certain that you are not a
scientist and did not derive this information yourself. So did you get it from a
source you found that avoids information "contrary to your biased narrative?"

Similarly, when you tell us that "humans only produce about 4% of annual
atmospheric CO2 volumes", what do you mean to suggest? Are you saying that 4% of
total atmospheric CO2 is due to human activity? Or that 4% of the annual
*increase* is anthropogenic? And how did you calculate this? What is the
granularity of your test grid? Did you have to travel all over the world to
collect your samples? How did you collect the higher altitude ones, or did you
use some sort of interpolation? And in your model, how do you account for land
use change and decreasing water solubility at higher temparatures? What other
factors are in your model? Does it involve solar radiation changes, or do you
smooth them over?

In fact, water vapor absorbs in bands around 71, 6.3, 2.7, 1.87 and 1.38
micrometers, where CO2 aborbs bands 15, 4.3, 2.7, and 2 micrometers. Notice that
there is only one overlap, not two (the bands around 1.87 and 2 are too narrow
to overlap.) It is in the 15 and 4.3 bands that CO2 really shines. But, before
you ask, how do I know this, since I'm not a scientist either? Well, I knew from
previous reading that there was an overlapping band, but like any sensible
layperson, I searched the web to find what they were. I did go deeper, finding a
few likely articles, and checking their citation counts, before settling on one
from the National Library of Medicine (http://link.sauyet.com/63 - Warning: this
is slow going and not for the mathematically faint-at-heart.) You see, I
actually believe in the process of science, and I look to see what scientists
have discovered.

He keeps trying to promote Tony Heller's website as a source of truth on this
matter... without providing evidence that there's any reason to trust Heller
over the consensus view. But as I pointed out in June, again in July, and again
in August, this site has been rated
(https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/real-climate-science/) as purely
conspiracy-pseudoscience. Of course when he hears this, Sam Prentice turns his
ire on the fact-checkers, saying I simply seek out sympathetic positions. No. I
mostly use four of the most trusted fact-checking sites around:
https://snopes.com for urban legends, https://factcheck.org and
https://politifact.com/ for politics, and https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/ for
media analysis. These are all well-known, highly respected sites. If Mr.
Prentice wants to suggest a different unbiased fact-checker, I'm all ears.
Meanwhile I have spent some time reading his preferred site. A response to some
of its threads is at http://letters.sauyet.com/#/pages/heller-shetland/.

He discusses water vapor's greeenhouse effect. Here he's on more solid ground.
Water vapor is a substantial source of warming. But you know why the atmosphere
is becoming able to hold more of water vapor? Because it's being heated up by
gases like CO2 and methane. Increasing water vapor would be spiraling out of
control if it wasn't checked. But it is, by a mechanism even Sam must have heard
of: this little meterological process known as *rain*. There is no real
equivalent for CO2. The natural equilibrium involving ocean, soil, and plant
storage of C02 is simply not able to extend to the additional amounts human
activity is pumping out.

He claims that the attempt to reduce CO2 generation is pushing us toward
"Economic collapse, ecological calamaty, and untold human misery." Although I
disagree with them, I know the argument for economic collapse and hence for
human misery. But how in the world will stopping the digging of fossil fuels
cause an ecological calamity? This sounds absurd, and I'd be quite curious to
hear the justification.

Finally, let's note the changing arguments of the global warming Deniers.
Fifteen years ago, they claimed that the Earth was not heating up. Ten years
ago, they said, ok, it is, but human activity doesn't substantially contribute.
Now they're accepting human causes but claiming that increasing CO2 is *good*
for us. It's clear they're arguing not from any evidence, but just on what will
best support their predecided political viewpoint.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
